Add `get_value_list` for Dynamic Task (#673)
astronomer/astro-sdk: docs/astro/sql/operators/get_value_list.rst

.. _get_value_list:

==============
get_value_list
==============

When to use the ``get_value_list`` operator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We can use ``get_value_list`` when you want to execute a SQL query on a database table get the result. This might useful when you want to create dynamic task on the response of this operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use ``get_value_list`` when you want to execute a SQL query on a database table and get the result. This might be useful when you want to create dynamic tasks on the response of this operator.
```
